oh my oh yeah yeah you know yeah a
package here for my partner oh yeah yeah
yeah that didn't it yeah just show you
all you get cooked you're gonna get the
furniture you getting the kids bike yeah
straight for my pop the extraordinary
like thank you little buddy
Oh baby fuck verify the Big Apple check
it out come on
yeah the Extra Ordinary an irony some
are left on your books
oh you gotta kick that's why they call
you bitch
my plate my boy said about the
bodybuilding truck yeah a hard work pay
off now we've been doing the girl on the
ground for years just paying off
paying off always involve I thought
about fifteen hundred out of the show
now look we've got because I'm fuckin
will shake that off during the whole
time the whole full goal of baby scale
of trying to tell you got back come in
hey man this will offset buying a
building truck yes all right we got to
think we're ready they're trying to tell
you all right